Hello us to make a great video
A good team needs one
Video and better with the help of good team
One finds a small video usually a small video
Three to four in Team to make
People who are Camera Script Mike Shooting
Working for selection and direction of location
Team making video is a cricket or
Football works like Team
All the players in the game gestures of their captain
Or to win the team assuming it
Let's work in the same way
All members of Team making video
A captain to make a better video
Follow the order of which we
Director or director says this today
We make video in video series
About the head director or director of
I will talk and know that video
What are their during the process of making
Key roles are after Close UP
Take long shoots will look good. No. No.
I think after close up shot
The other also takes close up shot
What is there or no one
The shock will not come and then after that long
Will take Shot. Perfect ots if you want perfect
Can also take and yes diague
Even if it is a little longer then it is a little
The character has a sense according to script
And where you have to show the video, the same place
Be according to Also in video
The things being shown or told technically
Be right from Everyone after scripting
Together we create a storyboard. In which it is clear
It is written on which dialogue
To take a shot? What will be his angle?
What script and sound in which Scene
Whose responsibility will be and who will handle the location
During the time the director's decision is final. So
Watch script and direction i will see this
And Gita you of Sound's Camera
Work you handle Raju, don't you background
Management is to handle okay to keep in mind
Don't be noisy than ok
Apart from this, the work of Reflect and Diffuser is also
I will handle it exactly yes camera
I see the job of sound
Yes, everyone said the talk
If you have this way in this video
Saw how a director of his team
Together in the election of script and shorts
The next part plays an important role
I will know how a director
Choosing a good character and shooting location
Does thanks